So were you successful in finding out what's causing this unnecessary HTP request being said.
Once you click log out.
It can be really hard to spot this issue.
The thing is actually we would have gotten this on any other state.
Change we make so whenever we change something about the state of our application because what's causing
this is our code in the off interest setter there.
I select a slice of the off state.
We then switch to map which map it to extract the token and return the request.
The issue is stores select sets up an ongoing subscription to our store and whenever we change to state
it will fire and it will then extract the token and send the request.
This is obviously not what we want and it's easy to fix.
All we have to do is we have to add one additional operator here right after selecting and that's take
one which means only get this value once.
Now let's try it as it saved us reload our application.
And first of all let's log in and let's see if we can fetch data before we can.
Now let's click log out and now you see it works because now it basically unsubscribed or complete it
is observable after getting one value.
So this is an additional important tweak we have to make sure to make sure that our application works
as it should.
But with that it is indeed working as it should.
And we are taking advantage of N-G our ex to manage our a vindication status as you can clearly see
we can conveniently log it.
Everything is updated here can log out we can register a new user here.
This works we are locked in once we do it so we can fetch the data at all time.
We can delete our recipes therefore and refreshed them.
Does this now all working with authentication managed by a ngi are x.
There's one important thing we can improve though and that is our off service.
Right now we still use the service to send our HD requests and dispatch actions once they are done.
Now that's not necessarily wrong.
And you can absolutely leave it like this but Engy our X gives us an additional package we can use for
handling these so-called side effects.
So basically effect's we have while we do work with our store and with the patching actions I'll dive
deeper into this and into this special package and how we can use it in the next lectures.